README.md, before:

# contenido-rgpd
Contenido RGPD WordPress Plugin

Contenido RGPD WordPress Plugin

== Description ==
Contenido RGPD creates RGPD / GDPR legal pages using your own previously added information from WordPress dashboard. 

Legal Notice, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy pages are created with plugin activation and will be fulfilled with the information that you can insert in the Contenido RGPD settings page.

Legal Notice, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy pages content is an essential sample of legal terms obtanined from [GDPR Textos Legales](https://textos-legales.edgartamarit.com/). Updating this content is highly recommended.

== Installation ==
1. Go to your WP Dashboard > Plugins and search for Contenido RGPD
2. Install the plugin from WordPress Repository
3. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
4. Configure RPGD data from the new Contenido RGPD menu in your WordPress dashboard

== Screenshots ==
1. Panel de datos RGPD

== Changelog ==

= 1.0.2 =
* Images fix

= 1.0.1 =
* Tested up to WordPress 5.6

= 1.0.0 =
* Initial release

Commit message:

Deploy to Github added
Deploy to Github added

README.md, after:

=== Contenido RGPD ===
Contributors: fernandiez
Donate link: http://www.fernan.com.es/wordpress/
Tags: rgpd, gpdr, legal
Requires at least: 5.0
Tested up to: 5.6
Stable tag: 1.0.3
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt

Contenido RGPD WordPress Plugin

== Description ==
Contenido RGPD creates RGPD / GDPR legal pages using your own previously added information from WordPress dashboard. 

Legal Notice, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy pages are created with plugin activation and will be fulfilled with the information that you can insert in the Contenido RGPD settings page.

Legal Notice, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy pages content is an essential sample of legal terms obtanined from [GDPR Textos Legales](https://textos-legales.edgartamarit.com/). Updating this content is highly recommended.

== Installation ==
1. Go to your WP Dashboard > Plugins and search for Contenido RGPD
2. Install the plugin from WordPress Repository
3. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
4. Configure RPGD data from the new Contenido RGPD menu in your WordPress dashboard

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How can I collaborate with the plugin code improvement? =

[Contenido RGPD] (https://github.com/fernandiez/contenido-rgpd/) is allocated in this Github repository, so you are invited to fork it or add new request or comment issues here.

== Screenshots ==
1. Panel de datos RGPD

== Changelog ==

= 1.0.3 =
* Deploy from Github added

= 1.0.2 =
* Tested up to WordPress 5.6

= 1.0.1 =
* Tested up to WordPress 5.6

= 1.0.0 =
* Initial release
